












  In deference to Mr. Webster's wishes, the idea of a formal dinner was
abandoned; but as there was a general desire for some collective expression
of public esteem, it was decided to invite him to meet the citizens at a
spacious grove at 4 o'clock, on the afternoon of the eighth. Refreshments
of a plain kind were spread around, under the charge of the committee;
but the tables could serve only as a nucleus to the multitude. His honor,
the Mayor, called the company to order, and addressed them as follows:-

  "I have to ask, Gentlemen, your attention for a few moments.
  " We are met here to mark our sense of the extraordinary
merits of a distinguished statesman and public benefactor. At
his particular request, every thing like parade or ceremonial has
been waived; and, in consequence, he has been the better ena-
bled to receive, and to reciprocate, the hearty and spontaneous
expression of your good will. I am now desired to attempt, in
your name, to give utterance to the universal feeling around me.
  " Gentlemen-We are this day citizens of the United States.
The Union is safe. Not a star has fallen from that proud banner
around which our affections have so long rallied. And when,
with this delightful assurance, we cast our eyes back upon the
eventful history of the last year,-when we recall the gloomy
apprehensions, and perhaps hopeless despondency, which came
over us-who, gentlemen, can learn, without aglow of enthusiasm,
that the great champion of the Constitution-that DANIEL WEB-
STER-is now in the midst of us. To his mighty intellect, the
nation, with one voice, confided its cause--of life or death.
Shall there be withheld from the triumphant advocate of the
nation, a nation's gratitude ? Ours, gentlemen, is a government
not of force, but of opinion. The reason of the people must be
satisfied before a call to arms. The mass of. our peaceful and
conscientious citizens cannot, and ought not-except in a clear
case-to be urged to abandon the implements of industry for the
sword and the bayonet. This consideration it is, that imparts to
intellectual pre-eminence in the service of truth, its incalculable


