














NOTE. SEE PAGE 25.


   V- The following Circular was prepared by the Mechanics
of Boston, and sent to the same classes of citizens in most of the
large towns in the United States.

                                           BOSTON, AUGUST 20, 1788.
GENTLEMEN,
  We, being appointed by the association of tradesmen and manufacturers
of the town of Boston, to write to our brethren throughout the several
states, do now address you on the very important and interesting subject of
our own manufactures.
  The late system of commerce, pursued since the peace, of importing such
articles as can be manufactured among ourselves, tends to discourage the
whole body of tradesmen and manufacturers of these states, who depend, for
the support of themselves and families, on their various occupations; and
this practice, unless speedily checked, by the prudent exertions of those
who are more particularly interested, must eventually prove ruinous to every
mechanical branch in America.
  Impressed with these sentiments, and finding the evil daily increasing,
the tradesmen and manufacturers of the town of Boston, awakened by a
sense of the danger which threatened them, assembled to deliberate on
measures to relieve themselves from the destructive tendency of such im-
portations.
  An association was accordingly formed, consisting of a representative
from each branch; and in this body, the whole manufacturing interest of
this town becomes an object of general attention.
  The first measure adopted by this association, was to pass resolves respect-
ing the importatiofi of certain articles from Europe by our own merchants,
and numbers of British agents residing among us; but knowing that noth-
ing could be effected to any radical purpose, unless we had the authority of
the laws, we petitioned the legislature of this state, praying that duties
might be laid on the several articles enumerated in our petition. In conse-
quence of which "pplication, our legislature complied, in a great measure,
with our request, by enacting laws for the encouragement of industry and
for the promoting of our own manufactures.
  However, as we are sensible that our present situation requires an exten-
sive co-operation to complete the purposes we wish, we take this method to
bring forward a confederated exertion, and doubt not, from an union of sen-
timent, the most permanent benefits may arise. We therefore apply to you,
gentlemen, to lend us your assistance, and, like a band of brothers, whose
interests are connected, we beg you to join in such measures, to advance
the general good, as your prudence shall suggest, and your wisdom dictate.
  We would, with submission, recommend an association of your trades-
men and manufacturers, formed upon the most extensive basis, and sup-
ported upon the most liberal principles: we may then hope the manufac-
tures of this country will flourish, when each man becomes interested, not
only in his own branch, but in those of his brethren: encouraged by such
extensive patronage, each individual will be animated to pursue his business
with alacrity, knowing that he acts in concert with those on whose friend-
ship he can with confidence rely.


