





32


  An association being established in your state, we shall be very happy to
correspond with; and we flatter ourselves, from this social intercourse, a
general harmony will prevail throughout the whole manufacturing interest
of this country.
  As we hope to experience the good effects of the late acts of our general
court, we should recommend a petition for a similar purpose to your legis-
lature; and from the known disposition of your state to promote the welfare
of America, we doubt not some plan will be devised by your general as-
sembly to prevent the importation of such species of articles as are com-
monly manufactured in America.
  We need not urge the necessity of some measures being immediately
taken by the whole confederacy. The embarrassment of our navigation-
the large debts contracted in Britain--and the remittances of our currency-
all serve to put every real friend to his country upon serious attention ; and
if any mode can be adopted to remedy these evils, we are convinced no
American will be backward in the cause, but will join, heart and hand, to
promote the desirable purposes.
  The means we propose, we conceive, are calculated to put each state
upon deliberating on a subject highly important to the manufacturing in-
terest; and we cannot but hope that some lasting benefits will accrue from
the united voice of the tradesmen and manufacturers of America.
  These states are so extensive in their boundaries, so various in their
climate. and so connected in their national interest, that if a plan could be
adopted, throughout the confederation, for the exchange of the produce and
manufactures of each state, we conceive it would serve to cement a general
union, and prove a means to promote the interest of the whole.
  The northern states might furnish many articles of manufactures which
are now imported from Europe; and, in return, might receive those supplies
peculiar to the growth and climate of the southern.
  An association, formed throughout the states upon so liberal a plan, would
establish many extensive branches of manufactures; and, if prosecuted with
spirit, would put this country above the humiliating state of lavishing her
stores of wealth to promote the manufactures of Europe.
  We wish you to communicate this letter to such towns of your state as
you shall think proper.
                       We are, gentlemen,
                         With every sentiment of respect,
                               Your most obedient servants,
                                        JOHN GRAY,
                                        GIBBINS SHARP,
                                        BENJAMIN AUSTIN, JUN.
                                        SARSON BELCIIER,
                                        WILLIAM HAWES,
                                        JOSHUA WITHERLE.


